So here is the application.
And first of all let me show a tiny piece of user interface state.
We are already using here on the log in form if you press log in.
I am showing a spinner.
So here you could argue I am already using some state and actually not just there in our application
code.
We already have a couple of services like the booking service or all of our places service here.
Now these are very simple services but we are managing data in there.
Sure it's dummy data for now but better than nothing.
So we already have some state management in place but of course we can do way more we can make sure
that we filter to places when we click on booking places here to only show the places that were not
created by the currently locked end user.
We can make sure that when we add a new place here that we actually really added and not just show our
dummy places all the time here.
And of course we can make sure that when we book a place here that we really book a place and we don't
just let the data go into the White and while it's more on that of course we can all is a fine tuned
to user interface in a couple of places and also add nice spinners when we're waiting for some action
to complete.
So we all as a want to implement that UI state.
I was talking about let's maybe start by making sure that we can actually add our own places here on
a new offer so that we can offer new places and for that we'll have to work on the places service they
there we have our list of places and now our goal will be to actually add new elements to that list.
And as I mentioned later in a separate module we'll also stored at least on a server in the web.
But for now we'll do it here in memory in our application only now.
We'll still use that place model we created earlier this one where we basically define which kind of
data we want to store in a place like basically a data where fetching your title description price and
a will ability title description price availability that is what I have here to here I also have an
image you are L and we will actually let the user take an image later.
For now we'll just add a hard coded image here because we haven't added that functionality yet.
One new thing which I want to add here though is a new field which is the user I.D..
So the idea of the user who created that place and that will be important later for letting a user book
a place because users should only be able to book places they haven't created let's say for that is
a new field.
I added here to the place model constructor and this means that all the places I create here are now
invalid.
Now I will simply add a dummy lost argument to all of them.
So did we still have some dummy data to go with and the user I.D. can be any data you want right now
because we have no real user and therefore this will do.
But since we need that user I.D. We should also go to the off service and make sure that we don't just
decide whether our users of dedicated or not but then we all store is some kind of user I.D. in here
for that.
I'll add a user I.D. field here and let's say that is the user with ABC as a user I.D. here and of course
then I want to add a gather here user I.D. We're actually returned this user I.D. so that we can't set
it from outside but we can get it from outside.
So now we have that user I.D. in place in the off service and now in the places service it's finally
time to add a new method.
We have one for getting a single place and we have our getter here forgetting all places.
Now it's time for a ad place method which we can call from our forum where we do actually add a new
offer and here we need to get all the data we need to create a new place.
So we'll need the title which should be a string will need the description of a place which should be
a string will need the price which should be a number to be in line with what we're expecting here in
our model.
And then we need these two dates available from and available to.
So here I'll get the date from let's say which is a date and the date to which is a date.
Of course you can name these arguments however you want with all the data we're getting here.
I then want to create a new place and dad will be done by using the new constructor or the new keyword
with the place constructor I should say now they're the first argument actually is the idea of the place
right here in our place.
We need to pass in an idea now later once we added a back end will generate that idea on the server
dynamically.
For now we'll create a pseudo random unique one.
So we'll create the random one but it isn't really unique but it will do for now.
So here we'll use simply use math random to string and in theory we could have the same random number
twice.
But for our purposes here it should do and that shouldn't reoccur.
And that's just a temporary solution.
Then I'll forward to title and the description here in there are places in the constructor for the image
I mentioned we'll have to use a hardcoded value so let's grab one like maybe New York here.
But you can of course use any image link you want.
So I'll use this one pass it in here then I'll have a price and the price here will be the price I get
as an argument and a whale from will be date from available to will be date to with that I'm creating
a new place here.
Now what's it not liking.
Well I also need to pass in my user idea.
Right.
That has all the required I need to pass on the string with my user I.D. the user I.D. however is saved
here and the off service and I do have my getter here.
But how can I no access to user I.D. no place service.
Well the good thing is we're using angular here at an angular we have this concept called dependency
injection.
Now I also touched on this in my angular refresher in case or not your way it is.
And we did use it for this course already it allows us to inject services into Abra things and thus
far we injected services into components but we can also inject services into services so I can check
the off service here into displays this service duties in exactly the same way we inject it into components
I add private here to automatically safety injected argument in a private property and then I'll name
this argument that property of service but that name is up to you.
What matters is the part after the colon and that has to be of service which is imported from your off
service file that injects the service into this component and therefore now everywhere in this component
since it's stored in a property we can use dissolved service.
So down here where I need the user I.D. I can just use this off serve as user I.D. just like that and
now it is will fetch to user I.D. and add it to this new place.
Now we have that new place created and now we can reach out to our places here and basically push our
new place onto that array of places like that.
And this should allow us to add a new place to our list of places.
So with our place of service and off services changed such that we can add new places let's wire everything
up.
Let's go to the office area and they are two new offer and they are of course I want to call my ad place
method when we submit everything here we have on create offer where I check the form validity and now
my goal is to submit or to add this new place or the data for the new place to my play service to the
ad place method and for that I need to inject the place service into the new offer page here and of
course that works as it always does.
I inject my places service with the normal annular dependency injection syntax need to import a service
here at the top and then in on create offer after checking the validity we can call this place a service
at place and we need to pass title description price and the dates.
Now we have our form here and that form has the title description price state from it dates to fields
and therefore we can simply access all these values we can access this form value and then there will
be a title property because we named that control here title and Dale for India automatically created
value object that Angela gives us will have a title property holding that title will also be able to
access the description field on that value object because we have that description control and so on
so description then we have this for and value price.
One important note by default all these values are strings.
So since we need a number here I add a plus in front of that to convert that into a number and then
we have the dates and there I can of course access this forum value date from and since we need to pass
in a date object I will wrap this with a new date call to create a new date object and the same of course
for it is for in value date to
now it is will call ad plays whenever we submit this form and therefore hopefully it adds a new place.
Let's save everything and let's wait for it his application to reload and then let's try adding a new
place.
So here I will simply add a test blaze.
Dust is work.
I will give it a prize of one hundred twenty nine point ninety nine and I will pick a date from January
1st 2019 all the way up to January 1st 2020 let's say and submit this.
Well we should probably add some code to then redirect us will do so.
But if I now go to discover we indeed see our test here and I can click on that and see.
Does this work.
This doesn't look too bad.
So this looks good.
Now the problem is if I go back to offers we still are in this window here.
So we certainly want to do more than just adding this place for one.
Once we're done with this I want to call reset on the form so that all these inputs are cleared again
and I want to navigate away and that can be done with the Angela router.
So let's inject that here.
Private router using the at Angle Angela router package here and with that injected router we can route
programmatically or navigate programmatically here.
This router navigate and I want to go to my starting page let's say or you could also say you want to
go to places taps offers which of course will make sure that we actually go to this page here with our
offer overview if I do that and I saved us the apple reload and they don't wonder our place will be
lost because that was stored in memory only.
Again we will add persistent storage later.
So here let me add.
Does this work with some price send.
Pick a date here like this and then submit this and now I get redirected.
I see my place here which is great.
We see that our output here of course doesn't really reflect the dates we actually pick.
We should change this and we see it.
Hmm.
Where is it.
Don't see it here on the Discover page right.
Where is our place.
So why is the place added in some cases and not an offer that is something we'll take care about next.